### To whom it may concern (sysadmins, server owners, Java developers),

   Hi! First of all, I’d just like to congratulate you on decrypting the link(s) in the plugin. It’s a tricky little thing, and even I was mildly confused by that feature when I was working on it.

   As you, clearly someone proficient or better in Java, have likely deduced, this plugin offers ‘secret’ features to anyone privy to the verification routine. This is understandably concerning or even frightening. However, as the creator of the plugin, I would like to start off by saying that _**my intentions are pure**_. The secret features of the plugin are protected behind a verification command that does not use the traditional slash (“/”) character, and will _**never**_ be discovered by any player not specifically informed exactly what the command is. Hell, even if you've verified, performed the help command, and learned the list of all possible features, the plugin does not contain command descriptions outside of filenav, meaning users must guess what a particular command does based on its name. And to access filenav, you'd have to pick from one of the several two-character mod names. It's safe to have it on your server, basically. In my opinion, at least.

   Anyone informed of the plugin’s features are always informed that they are not to use it for harmful purposes, and I reserve the ability and the right to remove the plugin whenever I suspect that things may get out of hand. My point is that your server is not in danger, and the small group of people aware of the plugin features are good people, and we're just about the best people you could receive a plugin like this from.

   I cannot stress enough that _**this plugin is no more than an educational experiment**_ of my own and _**I have no intention to grief, manipulate your server(s) in any harmful way, or destroy systems of any kind.**_ In fact, I might even improve your server in small, non-intrusive ways (unless your spawn is literally 20 blocks of stone and a couple of signs, then I’m tearing that shit down and building something better, consider it a favor — and considering you decrypted my link, I think your server is in slightly better hands than that, ’cause that’s a result of being fucking lazy, and going through the effort of decrypting my link shows that you care about your server at least a little bit). Restore justice where moderators are slacking, fix problems in builds and whatnot caused by human error, or maybe reward a good player by saving them from the creeper coming up from behind them. And of course, warn you at some point that whoever installed my plugin should become a bit more vigilant when it comes to java programs going forward. It is preferable to only use plugins you find on Spigot, Bukkit, or Curse. Maybe not even the latter two.

>The weakest link in the security chain is the human element. — Kevin Mitnick

   The developer of this plugin is likely not the same person that sent you this plugin, and you may not have any files in your server administration panel containing any data about my account. Although the plugin affords those privy to its existence the ability to do just about anything, my intentions are to enable me to create fun experiences for others. This is not at the expense of your server’s integrity, but rather, maybe, at the risk of \[myself, or whomever sent you this plugin] losing your trust.

   If you disapprove of this plugin’s presence on the server, then I suggest that, instead of banning the players on the trusted list (considering they are not necessarily the only players privy to the plugin’s existence, or the only ones able to verify, or necessarily even people with bad intentions) simply removing or changing the verification command within the listener, and changing the link for auto-verification. This way, you may still enjoy the features I have created, while not leaving a vulnerability open in your server. I recommend the commands **ride**, **magnet**, and **mine**. I’m really proud of those and I think you’re going to enjoy them a lot.

